Chess is a game that has been around since the 15th centrury.

---The Basics---

King : It is the most important piece in chess, and if your King gets captured you loose the game

Queen : The most powerful piece which can move in any direction as many step as she wants

Knight : A piece that moves two steps forward and one either to the left or right, It is also the only piece that can jump over obstacles

Bishop : It can only move diagonally on similar coloured squares as many steps as it wansts

Rook : A piece that can move as many paces as it wants but only vertically or horizontally.

Pawn : From the starting position it can move either one or two steps but after that can only move one step at a time. It can capture pieces diagonally. And after reaching the other end of the board it can be exchanged for any piece.

---How to play---

Piece | Symbol

Pawn   | p
Queen  | Q
King   | K
Rook   | R
Knight | N
Bishop | B

For some moves you will need to enter a "which" input, which is the current position of that piece on the board

For Example,
To move a pawn from d2 to d4 one would first enter the command : 

pd4

and then upon being asked which, you must enter the current position of the pieces as follows :

d2

To capture a piece you simply move your piece to that particular location and the capture is automatic. But when capturing with a pawn you must begin the move with an 'x' as follows : 

xe5
d4

The above command captures a piece on e5 from d4.

To castle kingside the command is : O-O 
To casltle queenside the command is : O-O-O

To resign the game : /forfeit
To offer a draw : /draw

---What's different?---

1. There is no en-passant capture

2. All pawns are automatically promoted to a Queen. But if there are multiple Queens on the board then the pawns simply sit there until there are no queens on board and only then auto promote to a queen.

3. There are no stalemates or draws by repition. There is only a draw by insufficient material(s)

4. There are also no checkmates, a game is won either by resignation or capturing the enemy's King.

5. Upon a check a player will be notified but is free to move any other piece.
   
6. When a player offers a draw they skip a turn. This is done to ensure players do not spam each other with draw requests. Draws can only be offered on your turn and not on the enemy's turn.

7. The game however will automatically result in a draw when it detects an impossible checkmate(s), such as with two Kings and a Knight or a Bishop.











